add page with overview of systems on which EESSI is available natively (#303)
EESSI/docs: docs/systems.md

and you can try [running our demos](using_eessi/eessi_demos.md).

!!! info "Please report additional systems on which EESSI is available"
    If you know of one or more systems on which EESSI is available system-wide that are not listed here yet,
    **please let us know by [contacting the EESSI support team](support.md)**,
    so we can update this page (or [open a pull request](https://github.com/EESSI/docs)).

!!! example "What if EESSI is not available system-wide yet?"
    If EESSI is not available yet on the HPC system(s) that you use,
    **contact the corresponding support team** and submit a request to make it available.
    
    You can point them to our documentation:

    * [How to install and configure CernVM-FS to provide native access to EESSI](https://www.eessi.io/docs/getting_access/native_installation/);
    * [*Best Practices for CernVM-FS in HPC* tutorial](https://multixscale.github.io/cvmfs-tutorial-hpc-best-practices/);

    If they have any questions, please suggest to [**contact the EESSI support team**](support.md).

>     In the mean time, you can try using one of the alternative ways of accessing EESSI,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In the meantime, you can try using one of the alternative ways of accessing EESSI,
```
